During those first few days, everything was a blur.
My sister Mary and I had never felt so empty and lost.
I knew that if our Lord had been here, our brother would not have died.
But through the tears and the pain, I had no doubt that the resurrection was real.
Someday, someday he would live again.
Who could have imagined it could happen that very day?
And right before our eyes, we wept here's joy and thanked our loving father in heaven, Jehovah.
I lost my son, I lost part of myself, tried to stay busy, but everything felt empty.
In my darkest times, Jehovah's words brought me comfort.
Not a day goes by that I don't think about Brandon, not just memories of how it was,
but even more how wonderful it'll be to see him soon in God's new world.